>> It's difficult to explain
with words it's something that
one has to experience.
It penetrates you and
it takes you away.
You are being almost catapulted
into a different dimension.
>> Why do people come to me?
For many, it's curiosity.
For others, it's
friends told them, wow,
you have to check this out.
For others, they have
set out on their path
to go to deeper levels
within themselves
and to discover layers
that they may not
have been able to tap into
and discover otherwise.
>> --is a shell.
Because who you are is inside.
And my food doc just told
me that the other day.
>> How cool.
>> Yeah, I had to have
an emergency session.
I was stressed.
Let's talk about the
weights struggles.
Wow, A lifelong struggle.
Where can I start?
My name is Tony Morales, and
I would consider myself a life
student in transformation.
Food has been my
greatest friend,
and it's also been
my worst enemy.
And I discovered
it really early on.
I was 10.
There was a two hour
time frame after school
that I was alone in the
house, and so, the feelings
of abandonment developed there.
The feelings of
anxiety, panic, not
being able to be alone
and just sit with me,
and feel safe and comfortable,
and that resonated with me
throughout my entire life.
And food became a
way of making sure
that I could get through that.
I navigated through life
hiding this big secret.
But really, I wasn't hiding.
I was at one point
over 300 pounds.
So there was nothing
I was hiding,
but I felt so ashamed of it
that I couldn't even face it,
and so that shame makes the
cycle perpetuate itself.
It wasn't until I connected all
of those feelings of anxiety
with my triggers
and understanding
what food really
is supposed to be
that I began to heal and
look for alternative methods
besides dieting.
>> You all look
very comfortable.
I wish I could join you.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
>> I'd like to say
I was open to it,
but then when I went in there
I couldn't get out of my head,
all I'm going to hear
is the gong, gong.
That's all I could do.
So my misgivings were, what
is this going to do for me?
How is you know this sound
going to open anything up
in my mind or my body?
>> So the ancients knew about
the scientific aspects of sound
and what it can do to one
who wants to connect with
your higher self and with
the universal energy.
I like to believe that I
create pictures with sound.
I have different insights, or
different visions, if you want.
And that can range from
memories of childhood
to natural settings, it's a
very broad tapestry of visuals.
It's kind of like snippets of
different movies, if you want.
Envisioning or intending is a
large part of all of this work,
and I would not
exclude the possibility
that many of the insights that
I have, and that anybody has who
partakes in these
meditation sessions,
envisions and sees snippets
of possible future.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHIME SOUNDING]
[GONG]
>> Sound healing has
been transformational.
It has been enlightening.
It has been probably the single
greatest connecting factor
of all of the things that
I was trying to work on.
So it has connected my food,
my heart, my soul, my body,
my mind.
Those five things, it's
connected all of it in a way
that just makes me
excited about my future
and where I'm going in life.
I'm going straight up.
>> Over time due to stress,
we create an imbalance.
We create blockages
within ourselves
that prevent a most natural
flow of chi, prana, energy.
We are all energy.
It's all vibration.
Everything is
vibrating at all times,
and it's through the
vibration that you
experience a very deep degree
of personal transformation.
Sound is a fantastic vehicle
for one to tap into that power.